Add design documents (#1)
cybozu-go/myso: README.md

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cybozu-go/myso.svg?maxAge=60)][releases]
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/cybozu-go/myso.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/cybozu-go/myso)
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/cybozu-go/myso?status.svg)][godoc]
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/cybozu-go/myso)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/cybozu-go/myso)
[![Docker Repository on Quay](https://quay.io/repository/cybozu/myso/status "Docker Repository on Quay")](https://quay.io/repository/cybozu/myso)

# MySO

> MySO is a MySQL operator to construct and manage lossless semi-synchronous replicated MySQL servers using binary logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MySO is a Kubernetes operator for MySQL.
Its primary function is to manage a cluster of MySQL using binlog-based, semi-synchronous replication.
```

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cybozu-go/myso.svg?maxAge=60)][releases]
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/cybozu-go/myso.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/cybozu-go/myso)
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/cybozu-go/myso?status.svg)][godoc]
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/cybozu-go/myso)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/cybozu-go/myso)
[![Docker Repository on Quay](https://quay.io/repository/cybozu/myso/status "Docker Repository on Quay")](https://quay.io/repository/cybozu/myso)

MySO
====

MySO is a MySQL operator to construct and manage lossless semi-synchronous replicated MySQL servers using binary logs.

MySO is designed for the following properties:

> - Integrity

Author: I agree it

  - Do not lose any data under a given degree of faults.
- Availability
  - Keep the MySQL cluster available under a given degree of faults.

> - Serviceability

Author: We reconsidered about it, and chose "Business Continuity".
https://docs.microsoft.com/ja-jp/azure/sql-database/sql-database-business-continuity
